docs(config): improve Multitenancy documentation with respect to `contextToOrchestratorId()` (#3886)
cube-js/cube.js: docs/content/Configuration/Multitenancy-Setup.mdx

We store data for different users in different databases, but on the same
Postgres host. The database name is `my_app_1_2`, where `1` is **Application
ID** and `2` is **Tenant ID**.

To make it work with Cube.js, first we need to pass the `appId` and `tenantId`

> as context to every query. We should include that into our token generation

Reviewer: ```suggestion
as context to every query. We should include them into our token generation
```

Reviewer: Is this correct?

code.

```javascript
const jwt = require('jsonwebtoken');
const CUBE_API_SECRET = 'secret';

const cubejsToken = jwt.sign({ appId: '1', tenantId: '2' }, CUBE_API_SECRET, {
  expiresIn: '30d',
});
```

Now, we can access them through the [`securityContext`][ref-config-security-ctx]
property inside the context object. Let's first use
[`contextToAppId`][ref-config-ctx-to-appid] and
[`contextToOrchestratorId`][ref-config-ctx-to-orch-id] to create a dynamic
Cube.js App ID and Orchestrator ID for every combination of `appId` and
`tenantId`.

<WarningBox>

Cube.js App IDs and Orchestrator IDs are used as caching keys for various
in-memory structures like schema compilation results, connection pool, etc.
Missing definitions for either of the above can result in unexpected caching

> issues such as schema of one tenant is used for another one.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
issues such as a schema of one tenant being used for another one.
```
